In the previous lessons we have refactor our views, clean
the content from malicious code and other stuffs.
Now
before we actually end this sections let's tidy up our views.
So here we have divider between its answer
using html horizontal rule. That's way it's
also appear on the last answer.
I think it's not good and we will remove it from our
markup and then create our own divider using
css
we also need to move a single answer into another
view and loop through it in foreach loop
This will make our views much cleaner and it will
make it more easier for us to migrate or rewrite our
views into vue js components when we are
integrating vue js into our application in other
section of this course.
All right let's open up our terminal
and then create new branch by saying git check out
-b lesson-27
Now we are in new branch and we're good to go.
OK let's open up answers
_index.blade.php
And here I realized that I forgot to replace
the vote control with the vote view
So here
So here let me remove the vote control and include
the vote view that is stored in shared folder.
And then pass in the answer instance as model
let me see if everything's still working.
OK
I think everything is working fine.
Here
let's move this answer item into another
view and then included here.
So let's fold this
cut
And then we say include
answers dot underscore
answer.
And then we can explicitly pass in
the answer instance to this view
but passing data to child view is optional because
variables that are available in the parent view will
be also available in the child view.
So in this case we can omit that.
Let's also remove this horizontal rule
because as I said
it also appear even in the last answer.
So letter we'll write css code to show border
on the bottom of the answer except the last one.
And if we see
the border color is rgba zero zero zero zero point 1.
Now let's create you file inside answers folder
and call it underscore answer blade php
inside this file just paste the code. Let's
save all changes and see how it look.
Now our answers look close together because we've
removed the horizontal rule which by default it
has some space on the top and the bottom
so let's switch back over to our editor
in here
let's add another class so that we can easily select the
element that contains our answer when writing
css code.
Here I'll add post instead of answer.
Because the class will also be used later in question
item but it's up to you to call it whenever you
like.
All right let's open app dot
s c s s
and then the define new css rule for the post class.
Here we need a space between one answer with another.
So we can specify padding
let's say 20 pixels on the top and the bottom
and then we can define border bottom
one pixel solid
rgba
black zero point one.
Here I passed in black variable which is defined in
bootstrap variable into rgba function. In regular
css
this will not work.
You have to define a value for red green and blue instead.
So this will work only in sass. And to prevent
the last item to be has border bottom
here we can utilize pseudo class not last child
and move the border bottom inside.
So this means all post class except
the last child will be has border bottom.
All right let's save all changes and let's see. Actually
we need to compile these to see the change
npm run watch
OK
Now we have border between each answer as before.
And you can see there's no border on the bottom.
Great.
Now let's also apply these two the all questions page.
Let's switch back over to our editor
And open questions
index.blade.php
and then find
forelse
let's cut the question excerpt remove
the horizontal rule then here we can say include questions dot underscore excerpt
and then go to questions folder and create new file.
Let's call it _excerpt.blade.php
and then paste the code here.
And don't forget to add post class here.
Let's save all changes and have a look.
The last item still has border
let me see
OK here I need to remove this
OK
Now look good.
Now let me show the pagination.
Here
I'll change the number to five.
the problem is the pagination has no space
on the top and it close to the last item.
So let's switch back over to our editor and then go to resources.
views vendor pagination folder
and then let's open bootstrap 4
blade php.
And here
let's add margin top
I'll try mt-3
is still too close I think so here I'll try mt-4
OK
I think it's much better. Let me change back to 10
all right so now we have our views much cleaner
and I think we are ready to go to the next section
to learn about vue js integration to
make our application more interactive.
So please commit your changes to your git repo and join me in the next section.